Docs: agents (#4561)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Agents/agents-overview.md

---

> title: Create flows with agents

Reviewer: Use verb-based titles only for topics that include procedures. Since this one does not include any procedures, change the title to "Agents overview".

sidebar_position: 1
slug: /agents-overview
---

> **Agents** are AI systems that use LLMs as a brain to reason through problems and select external tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Agents** are AI systems that use LLMs as a brain to analyze problems and select external tools.
```

> Instead of developers having to create logical statements to direct every possible path of a program, an agent can operate with autonomy. They can leverage external tools and APIs to gather information and take action, demonstrate chain-of-thought reasoning, and generate tailored text for specific purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of developers having to create logical statements to direct every possible path of a program, an agent can operate with autonomy. An agent can leverage external tools and APIs to gather information and take action, demonstrate chain-of-thought reasoning, and generate tailored text for specific purposes.
```
